src/pages/things-to-do.mdx, before:

---
layout: ../layouts/BasicPage.astro
title: "Things to Do"
---

export const prerender = true;

There are so many fun things to do in Austin! We know you'll have a great time no matter what you do, but here are a few of our recommendations.

1. [Restaurants](#restaurants)
2. [Bars](#bars)
3. [Outdoor Activities](#outdoor-activities)
4. [Museums](#museums)
5. [Day Trips](#day-trips)

## Restaurants

Check out the full list + locations in <a href="https://goo.gl/maps/jtQ9uK2e7yWxyeDU8" target="_blank">Google Maps</a>

<ul class="md:flex flex-wrap">
  <li class="shrink-1 grow-0 basis-1/2">Bouldin Creek Cafe</li>
  <li class="shrink-1 grow-0 basis-1/2">Thai Fresh</li>
  <li class="shrink-1 grow-0 basis-1/2">1618 Asian Fusion</li>
  <li class="shrink-1 grow-0 basis-1/2">Mi Madre’s</li>
  <li class="shrink-1 grow-0 basis-1/2">El Alma</li>
  <li class="shrink-1 grow-0 basis-1/2">Amy’s Ice Cream</li>
  <li class="shrink-1 grow-0 basis-1/2">Patrizi’s</li>
  <li class="shrink-1 grow-0 basis-1/2">Pool Burger</li>
  <li class="shrink-1 grow-0 basis-1/2">The Salt Lick</li>
  <li class="shrink-1 grow-0 basis-1/2">Franklin BBQ</li>
  <li class="shrink-1 grow-0 basis-1/2">La Barbecue</li>
  <li class="shrink-1 grow-0 basis-1/2">Cisco's</li>
</ul>

Find these and many more <a href="https://goo.gl/maps/jtQ9uK2e7yWxyeDU8" target="_blank">here!</a>

---

## Bars

Check out the full list + locations in <a href="https://goo.gl/maps/R2SfwfghQJbeuRNK9" target="_blank">Google Maps</a>

- Deep Eddy Cabaret
- The Grackle
- Garage
- The Driskill Bar
- Elephant Room
- Yellow Jacket Social Club
- Cheer Up Charlies
- LoLo
- Moontower Saloon

---

## Outdoor Activities

Check out the full list + locations in <a href="https://goo.gl/maps/f961L4FdtKWLikRD8" target="_blank">Google Maps</a>

- Zilker Park
- Barton Springs
- Ann and Roy Butler Hike & Bike Trail
- Zilker Park Disc Golf Course
- Peter Pan Mini-Golf
- Butler Pitch & Putt
- Lady Bird Lake kayak, canoe, or paddleboard rental

---

## Museums

Check out the full list + locations in <a href="https://goo.gl/maps/or39DnXoV6ARotAV9" target="_blank">Google Maps</a>

- Blanton Museum of Art
- Mexic-Arte Museum
- Umlauf Sculpture Garden
- The Contemporary Austin - Jones Center
- The Contemporary Austin - Laguna Gloria
- Bullock Texas State History Museum
- The Thinkery

---

## Day Trips

- Lockhart
- Enchanted Rock State Natural Area
- Pedernales Falls State Park
- Krause Springs
- Fredericksburg
- Driftwood
- Colorado Bend State Park

Commit message:

update wording of restaurants ggl map list

src/pages/things-to-do.mdx, after:

---
layout: ../layouts/BasicPage.astro
title: "Things to Do"
---

export const prerender = true;

There are so many fun things to do in Austin! We know you'll have a great time no matter what you do, but here are a few of our recommendations.

1. [Restaurants](#restaurants)
2. [Bars](#bars)
3. [Outdoor Activities](#outdoor-activities)
4. [Museums](#museums)
5. [Day Trips](#day-trips)

## Restaurants

We've added a few of our favorite restaurants to this page but you can find these and so many more in our <a href="https://goo.gl/maps/jtQ9uK2e7yWxyeDU8" target="_blank">Google Maps list</a>.

<ul class="md:flex flex-wrap">
  <li class="shrink-1 grow-0 basis-1/2">Bouldin Creek Cafe</li>
  <li class="shrink-1 grow-0 basis-1/2">Thai Fresh</li>
  <li class="shrink-1 grow-0 basis-1/2">1618 Asian Fusion</li>
  <li class="shrink-1 grow-0 basis-1/2">Mi Madre’s</li>
  <li class="shrink-1 grow-0 basis-1/2">El Alma</li>
  <li class="shrink-1 grow-0 basis-1/2">Amy’s Ice Cream</li>
  <li class="shrink-1 grow-0 basis-1/2">Patrizi’s</li>
  <li class="shrink-1 grow-0 basis-1/2">Pool Burger</li>
  <li class="shrink-1 grow-0 basis-1/2">The Salt Lick</li>
  <li class="shrink-1 grow-0 basis-1/2">Franklin BBQ</li>
  <li class="shrink-1 grow-0 basis-1/2">La Barbecue</li>
  <li class="shrink-1 grow-0 basis-1/2">Cisco's</li>
</ul>

---

## Bars

Check out the full list + locations in <a href="https://goo.gl/maps/R2SfwfghQJbeuRNK9" target="_blank">Google Maps</a>.

- Deep Eddy Cabaret
- The Grackle
- Garage
- The Driskill Bar
- Elephant Room
- Yellow Jacket Social Club
- Cheer Up Charlies
- LoLo
- Moontower Saloon

---

## Outdoor Activities

Check out the full list + locations in <a href="https://goo.gl/maps/f961L4FdtKWLikRD8" target="_blank">Google Maps</a>.

- Zilker Park
- Barton Springs
- Ann and Roy Butler Hike & Bike Trail
- Zilker Park Disc Golf Course
- Peter Pan Mini-Golf
- Butler Pitch & Putt
- Lady Bird Lake kayak, canoe, or paddleboard rental

---

## Museums

Check out the full list + locations in <a href="https://goo.gl/maps/or39DnXoV6ARotAV9" target="_blank">Google Maps</a>.

- Blanton Museum of Art
- Mexic-Arte Museum
- Umlauf Sculpture Garden
- The Contemporary Austin - Jones Center
- The Contemporary Austin - Laguna Gloria
- Bullock Texas State History Museum
- The Thinkery

---

## Day Trips

- Lockhart
- Enchanted Rock State Natural Area
- Pedernales Falls State Park
- Krause Springs
- Fredericksburg
- Driftwood
- Colorado Bend State Park
